This is the source code and build environment for the UnboundID LDAP SDK for
Java, a fast, comprehensive, and easy-to-use Java API for communicating with
LDAP directory servers and performing related tasks like reading and writing
LDIF, encoding and decoding data using Base64 and ASN.1 BER, and performing
secure communication.

The LDAP SDK is open source under the terms of the GPLv2 and LGPLv2.1 licenses.
It is also available under the non-open source UnboundID LDAP SDK Free Use
License, which allows the LDAP SDK to be freely used in free or commercial
applications as long as the LDAP SDK itself is not altered.  See the
LICENSE-GPLv2.txt, LICENSE-LGPLv2.1.txt, and LICENSE-UnboundID-LDAPSDK.txt
files for the specific details of each license.

There are three editions of the LDAP SDK:

- The Standard Edition is a full-featured, standards-compliant API for
  interacting with any LDAPv3 directory server.  It provides support for a
  number of standard and de-facto standard controls, extended operations, and
  features.  If you're writing an application to work with any kind of
  directory server, then this is probably the version that you want.

- The Minimal Edition is a stripped-down version of the LDAP SDK that is
  designed for resource-constrained environments (e.g., Android apps) where
  space is at a premium.  It contains full support for the LDAPv3 protocol, but
  omits a number of optional elements that are less frequently used.

- The Commercial Edition contains everything in the Standard Edition, plus a
  number of additional features that are specifically intended for use in
  conjunction with UnboundID server products.  This includes support for using
  a number of proprietary controls and extended operations, retrieving server
  monitor data, creating and managing administrative tasks, parsing access and
  error log content, etc.  If you're not using UnboundID server products, then
  the Commercial Edition does not provide any additional benefit over the
  Standard Edition.

The contents of this repository can be used to build all three editions of the
LDAP SDK.  The easiest way to do this is to simply run the build.sh shell
script (or the build.bat batch file on Windows systems) without any arguments,
or to invoke Apache Ant directly and target the build.xml build file.  If you
want to save a little time and don't care about building the Commercial
Edition, then you can run the build-se.sh shell script (or build-se.bat batch
file, or build-se.xml Ant build file) to build only the Standard and Minimal
Editions.  The resulting build files may be found in the build/package
directory.

To ask questions, provide feedback, report bugs, submit feature requests, or
engage in any other discussion about the LDAP SDK, you may use one of the
following options:

- For bug reports and feature requests, use the GitHub issue tracker at
  https://github.com/pingidentity/ldapsdk/issues

- For questions, feedback, and other discussions, use the online discussion
  forum at http://sourceforge.net/p/ldap-sdk/discussion/ or the
  ldap-sdk-discuss@lists.sourceforge.net mailing list.  See
  https://sourceforge.net/p/ldap-sdk/mailman/ldap-sdk-discuss/ for more
  information about this mailing list, including an archive and information
  about how to subscribe.

- If you'd rather not have the communication in public, send an email message
  to ldapsdk-support@pingidentity.com.

- If you have an UnboundID or Ping Identity support contract, you may get
  assistance with the LDAP SDK in the same way as for other UnboundID/Ping
  Identity products.  Contact ldapsdk-support@pingidentity.com for more
  information about obtaining a support contract specifically for the LDAP SDK.
